Title,Description,PublishedAt,URL,Content
Twitter went down for thousands of users,"Thousands of Twitter users reported having issues accessing the website tonight on Downdetector. Based on people's reports, the outage started just before 7PM Eastern time and reached its peak at around 7:44PM. We haven't had any issues from our end, but repo…",2022-12-29T04:50:46Z,https://www.engadget.com/twitter-went-down-for-thousands-of-users-045046684.html,Many suggested it would happen and now it has Twitter went down. Thousands of Twitter users reported having issues accessing the website on the evening of December 28th according to comments on DownDetector. Based on peoples reports the outage started just before 7PM Eastern time reaching its peak at around 744PM before returning fully after around two hours. It appears people had more problems accessing the website itself only a fraction had difficulties loading the social network through its apps. According to The Guardian users who couldnt access the website were met with a message that read something went wrong but dont fret its not your fault. Elon Musk responded that he wasnt having any trouble loading the social network but did note that significant backend server changes were made around the same time that should make the service feel faster. Significant backend server architecture changes rolled out. Twitter should feel faster. Elon Musk elonmusk December 29 2022 On Christmas Eve Musk revealed that he had disconnected one of Twitters more sensitive server racks but that the social network remained operational. He purchased Twitter for 44 billion in October months after initiating the acquisition and trying to back out of the deal. The company had laid off around half of the workforce and thousands of contractors since then and one former employee told The Washington Post in November that they knew of six critical systems that no longer have any engineers. Isik Mater the director of research at internet monitoring service NetBlocks told The New York Times that the problems with Twitter exhibit in multiple countries and are widespread. Mater also said that the platform API is affected which serves the mobile app as well as many aspects of the desktop site.
Twitter restores suicide-prevention feature after briefly removing it,"Twitter says it’s working on bringing back the #ThereIsHelp banner, a feature that pointed users to suicide prevention hotlines and other safety resources when searching for certain content. On Friday, Reuters reported that the company had removed the safety …",2022-12-24T20:07:16Z,https://www.engadget.com/twitter-restores-suicde-prevention-feature-after-briefly-removing-t-200716547.html,Twitter says its working on bringing back the ThereIsHelp banner a feature that pointed users to suicide prevention hotlines and other safety resources when searching for certain content. On Friday Reuters reported that the company had removed the safety tool earlier in the week on orders from Elon Musk. After the outlet published its story Ella Irwin Twitters head of trust and safety confirmed the removal but said it was temporary. We have been fixing and revamping our prompts. They were just temporarily removed while we do that she told Reuters. We expect to have them back up next week. On Saturday morning Musk denied Twitter had ever removed the feature. The message is actually still up. This is fake news Musk wrote on Twitter adding Twitter doesnt prevent suicide. When Engadget tired searching for terms like suicide and COVID19 on Saturday afternoon the banner did not appear. 1. The message is actually still up. This is fake news. Elon Musk elonmusk December 24 2022 2. Twitter doesnt prevent suicide. Moving forward Irwin told Reuters Twitter plans to adopt an approach used by Google. She said the company does really well with these in their search results and we are actually mirroring some of their approach with the changes we are making. The disappearance of the ThereIsHelp banner even if it was only momentary led to criticism of Twitter from some consumer safety advocates. Eirliani Abdul Rahman a former member of the companys recently dissolved Trust and Safety council told Reuters she found the event extremely disconcerting and profoundly disturbing. Rahman also pointed out companies typically work on safety features in parallel leaving existing ones in place before replacing them. In the US you can reach the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline by dialing 988 or 8002738255.
There’s never been a better time stop tweeting,"There’s never really been a shortage of reasons to spend less time on Twitter. Even before Elon Musk’s chaotic takeover, the platform was long plagued by misinformation, hate speech, harassment and other ills that made it less than welcoming.There’s never bee…",2022-12-30T15:00:20Z,https://www.engadget.com/theres-never-been-a-better-time-stop-tweeting-150020412.html,Theres never really been a shortage of reasons to spend less time on Twitter. Even before Elon Musks chaotic takeover the platform was long plagued by misinformation hate speech harassment and other ills that made it less than welcoming. Theres never been a better time to quit Twitter. The Elon Muskinduced chaos at the company has breathed new life into a crop of alternative platforms and has inspired a new wave of competing efforts to win over disillusioned Twitter users. Competition emerges Of all the alternatives out there none have benefited as much as Mastodon. The opensource service was created in 2016 and first gained notoriety in 2017 when some Twitter users were upset with changes the company had made to the functionality of replies. At that time though it didnt gain much traction outside a small base of hardcore enthusiasts. That all changed from the second Musk announced he wanted to buy Twitter. Mastodon saw an immediate spike back in April and the momentum has only increased according to the nonprofit. Mastodon has recently exploded in popularity jumping from approx. 300K monthly active users to 2. 5M between the months of October and November with more and more journalists political figures writers actors and organizations moving over founder Eugen Rochko wrote in a recent blog post. The service isnt a perfect analog to Twitter. Its platform which runs on thousands of servers can make signing up a bit confusing. And a couple of the platforms most popular servers like mastodon. social have at times halted new signups due to surging demand. But as Rochko points out the decentralized platform has become one of the top platforms of choice for some of Twitters most influential and most followed users. Tellingly when Musk briefly imposed a ban on accounts promoting alternative social networks Mastodons official Twitter account was the only social app to be suspended. Mastodon is far from the only previouslyniche app to get a boost from turmoil at Twitter. Other apps like CounterSocial which has a Tweetdecklike interface and Tribel which describes itself as a prodemocracy Twitter alternative have also seen an uptick in signups. Theres also a wave of competition from fresh upstarts. Post News a new service from former Waze CEO Noam Bardin has also tried to capitalize on Twitters dysfunction. The service which is currently invitationonly rushed to launch an early version of its beta in November in hopes of drawing away disillusioned Twitter users. Post which bills itself as a place to discover read watch discuss and share premium news content without subscriptions or ads has more than 610000 people on its waitlist according to Bardin. Another app thats emerged seemingly out of nowhere is Hive Social an imagecentric platform with a feed that looks more like Instagram than Twitter. The service was founded in 2019 and hit 1. 5 million users in November according to the company. The site has had some notable security issues which it claims to have fixed but has still managed to make an impression with Gen Z Twitter users. Legacy platforms are also trying to seize the opportunity created by growing apathy for Twitter. Tumblr claimed to see a surge in new and returning users according to Matt Mullenweg CEO of parent company Automattic. The site has also made a habit of trolling Musk and his new policies for Twitter including with the addition of a 7. 99 Important Blue Internet Checkmark for users blogs. Mullenweg has also said Tumblr will adopt ActivityPub the protocol powering Mastodon to make the two services interoperable. Meta is also keen to challenge its longtime rival. The company recently launched a new Notes feature within Instagram that allows users to share status updates at the top of their inbox. At 60 characters its hardly a fullfledged Twitter alternative but it might not be the last such feature we see from Meta. The New York Times reports that the company has discussed several ideas to go after Twitters bread and butter. The future for Twitter Quitters Its hardly the first time that unpopular decisions within Twitter have sparked an interest in alternatives. But in the past surges to outside platforms have been relatively short lived. And most wouldbe competitors are still only a fraction of the size of Twitter. Even with an influx of new users Mastodon Post News Hive Social and Tumblr are still substantially smaller than Twitter. And as unpopular and autocratic and Musks policy decisions seem the idea of starting over on a new platform can feel daunting. Not everyone can easily rebuild their social graphs on alternative sites and some may find the growing crop of Twitter clones to also be unwelcoming this is especially true if you rely on accessibility features as many of the newer platforms havent invested much in these features. Still this particular moment feels different than other times when Twitter has struggled to keep disgruntled users around. For one there are more choices than ever before for those looking for a reason to leave. But its also unique because there are more people actually active on these alternatives than ever before.
"Elon Musk says he'll step down as Twitter CEO, but won't sell the company","Elon Musk has said that he will step down as CEO of Twitter once a suitable replacement can be found. On Sunday he ran a poll asking if he should step down, and the Twitter using public overwhelmingly told him to go. He didn't immediately respond to the resul…",2022-12-21T02:57:01Z,https://www.engadget.com/elon-musk-says-hell-step-down-as-twitter-ceo-but-wont-sell-the-company-025701394.html,Elon Musk has said that he will step down as CEO of Twitter once a suitable replacement can be found. On Sunday he ran a poll asking if he should leave the role and Twitter users overwhelmingly told him to go. He didnt immediately respond to the results but by Tuesday he seemed to have accepted the will of the people after originally suggesting that he might instead change it so that only paying users could vote in Twitter polls. Of course theres no timeline for Musk to hand over the reins yet. And as his tweet says it will require finding someone foolish enough to take the job. Following a chaotic string of bad press and the gutting of its staff it might be hard to attract high quality candidates to the position. But the bar has been set exceedingly low under Musks tenure and a simple change of face at the top could do a lot to improve Twitters image in the short term. I will resign as CEO as soon as I find someone foolish enough to take the job After that I will just run the software servers teams. Elon Musk elonmusk December 21 2022 Of course there is a chance that the change could be largely cosmetic. Musk tweeted that he planned to stay on and run the software and server teams. And theres no indication that he plans to sell the company which he bought in October for 44 billion and quickly took private. So its clear that he wants to still be involved in the companys operation but its unclear just how much. Its hard to imagine the hard driving businessman who made a major spectacle of firing Twitters entire executive team and dissolved the board when he took over simply stepping aside at this point. But he has also in his short reign allowed the whim of polls to make several major decisions. Regardless of who eventually takes over as CEO theyll be taking over a company that is almost unrecognizable compared to just a few months ago. Roughly 70 percent of the staff have either been laid off or quit. Advertisers have fled the platform as hate speech and trolls have thrived. And the content moderation and safety efforts have completely stagnated. The company is also now facing increasing pressure from the government on a number of fronts.
Twitter Blue perks now include higher ranking replies and 60-minute video uploads,"Twitter Blue has enabled new perks for subscribers including ""prioritized rankings in conversations"" and video uploads up to 60 minutes in length, according to an updated feature list spotted by TechCrunch. Both features were promised by Elon Musk last month …",2022-12-23T12:55:38Z,https://www.engadget.com/twitters-video-and-ranking-perks-arrive-to-paying-blue-subscribers-125538009.html,Twitter Blue has enabled new perks for subscribers including prioritized rankings in conversations and video uploads up to 60 minutes in length according to an updated feature list spotted by TechCrunch. Both features were promised by Elon Musk last month when he said Blue subscribers who pay 8 per month would get priority in replies mentions search and the ability to post long videos. Reply priority is now in effect with the support page stating that this feature prioritizes your replies on Tweets that you interact with. That seems to be the case on several tweets I looked at with Twitter Blue subscribers many with few followers appearing as the top replies. Its not clear if users paying 8 per month will always appear at the top in replies or whether or factors are also used. soon subscribers with the blue checkmark will get priority ranking in search mentions and replies to help lower the visibility of scams spam and bots Twitter Blue TwitterBlue December 12 2022 Twitter support said earlier that priority rankings will help lower the visibility of scams spam and bots. However some users have expressed concern that the new system will lower the experience for nonpaying users or that paid priority might help spammers trolls and others amplify their messages. The new video rules will boost length from 10 minutes and 512MB to 60 minutes and 2GB at up to 1080p resolution though only on the web the 10minute rule still applies to Android and iOS users. Twitter also notes that it may modify or adapt your original video for distribution syndication publication or broadcast by us and our partners or change the bitrateresolution depending on a viewers internet speeds. Musk said that Twitter will eventually pay creators for uploaded videos noting that it might even exceed the 55 percent cut that YouTube offers. However it hasnt said whether that will be done with ads or other means. Its also not clear how it may address piracy issues given that much of its moderation team has been let go or quit.
Twitter begins forcing its TikTok-like 'For You' timeline on iOS,"Twitter has started to roll out a big change on iOS by replacing the ""sparkle"" button that switches between the algorithmic and reverse chronological feeds. Now, you swipe between two tabs called ""For You"" and ""Following,"" to change your timeline, and you'll …",2023-01-11T09:40:06Z,https://www.engadget.com/twitter-for-ios-now-features-for-you-and-following-tabs-instead-of-the-sparkle-button-094006066.html,Twitter has started to roll out a big change on iOS by replacing the sparkle button that switches between the algorithmic and reverse chronological feeds. Now you swipe between two tabs called For You and Following to change your timeline and youll always see the For You tab first when you open the app. The company more or less stole the For You name from TikTok rather than using the Home moniker it had before. As with Home and TikTok it shows tweets from accounts you follow out of order along with algorithmicallyselected tweets from others you may like. In fact Twitter introduced a very similar feature earlier this year letting you swipe between Home and Latest Tweets to switch timelines. However it abandoned the idea days later after a chorus of complaints from users who didnt like the fact that Home was basically foisted on them. The company seems set on implementing it again anyway with a different name and it may generate the same gripes judging by the replies to Twitter Support. On the web or current Android app selecting the chronological feed is a permanent choice and stays even if you close the app. With the new iOS version however For You always appears when you close and reopen the app so youll have to switch your timeline to Following every single time. Elon Musk promised to make this change late last year tweeting that main timeline should allow for an easy sideways swipe between the top latest trending and topics that you follow. With two of those now implemented we could see further changes down the road.
Twitter could launch in-app ‘coins’ to help creators make money,"It seems Elon Musk’s Twitter is working on a new scheme to make money from the platform. The service appears to be experimenting with an in-app currency called “coins” meant to help creators earn money from the platform, according to screenshots shared by two…",2023-01-11T21:03:26Z,https://www.engadget.com/twitter-coins-awards-creators-210326649.html,It seems Elon Musks Twitter is working on a new scheme to make money from the platform. The service appears to be experimenting with an inapp currency called coins meant to help creators earn money from the platform according to screenshots shared by two app researchers. The feature has been spotted in recent days by Jane Manchun Wong and Nima Owji app researchers who often publish images of unreleased features. According to their posts coins appear to be an extension of Twitters existing tipping feature. Coins allow you to support creators who Tweet great content reads a screenshot shared by Wong and Owji. An image shared by Owji back showed a new Coins tab in the same section where users can keep track of their tips. For now its unclear exactly what Twitters plans are for coins or when the feature could launch. The company which no longer employs communications staff didnt immediately respond to a request for comment. But the screenshots suggest Twitter is at least considering featuring coins prominently in its app as both Wong and Owji spotted it in the main sidebar. Heres the list of Twitter Awards httpst. coPpgHebBWD6 pic. twitter. comBePDVAkzhy Jane Manchun Wong wongmjane January 5 2023 But coins may not be just for tipping. Wong also spotted an Awards feature which allows people to use coins to buy inapp gifts for others. According to the image shared by Wong users would be able to buy gifts for as little as one coin called Mind Blown or as much as 5000 called Gold. Its not clear how much coins will cost though Twitter would presumably get a cut of revenue generated from coin purchases. So far Elon Musk doesnt seem to have publicly weighed in on coins or awards but he has spoken broadly about wanting more ways for creators to be rewarded. Hes that Twitter Blue revenue would potentially give Twitter a revenue stream to reward content creators creator monetization for all forms of content is also in the works. Its also worth noting that despite the coins moniker the feature doesnt seem to have any cryptocurrency tieins at least for now. Twitter Coin is still under development and we dont even have any evidence that its something related to crypto Owji. Dont let the scammers fool you.
Why Elon's Twitter Subscriptions Are Missing the Point,"Controversy sells. For a long time, there has been no place where this is more true than on social media platforms like Twitter and Facebook. Controversy and conflict keep you clicking, commenting, and generating the data about yourself that is used to sell a…",2023-01-08T14:00:00Z,https://gizmodo.com/elon-musk-twitter-subscriptions-privacy-mewe-facebook-1849955915,Controversy sells. For a long time there has been no place where this is more true than on social media platforms like Twitter and Facebook. Controversy and conflict keep you clicking commenting and generating the data about yourself that is used to sell ads. Every day it becomes more obvious that the intertwined model of conflict privacy violations and ad revenue is unsustainable for the companies that own and operate these networks. Its a lesson that Twitter should be learning as it finds itself deeply exposed and at risk of collapse. While Elon Musks flirtation with a subscriptionbased revenue model is part of the solution hes missing the point. Technology and social media companies that have a subscription model create products and services for the benefit of the subscriber. Its not surprising that privacy is one of the benefits that most people expect. Those privacy concerns have pushed Apple and policymakers to restrict how social media companies track and use users data. While Meta Twitter and Snap have cut thousands of jobs and Meta has lost twothirds of its value platforms that dont rely on user data to sell ads can protect user privacy without threatening their core businesses. When platforms embrace a subscription model they are no longer incentivized to function as purveyors of conflict and merchants of controversy. It is no coincidence that for the past few years the common social media experience is doomscrolling while our blood pressure steadily rises. Many of us remember a time when we went online to explore our interests with a community of likeminded people. This is an experience that companies can offer when the interests of subscribers rather than those of advertisers are the focal point of product design. So if subscriptionbased revenue models offer a path forward for social media companies why is Elon Musk flailing and failing so publicly as Twitter dabbles in a mix of ads and subscriptions Its hard to put your subscribers first when you dont respect their privacy and continue to serve the same noisy conflict theyve grown weary of. It also turns out that advertisers and users have limited tolerance for a platform and a CEO so desperately attempting to be the center of controversy and attention. The social media landscape is facing the most significant disruptions weve seen in its almost 20year history. We are going to see radical changes in the business models of big social media companies in 2023. As social media companies face increasing challenges with the ad revenue business model we expect to see more companies making decisions that keep users happy including valuedriven subscription models decentralization and more robust privacy policies. Otherwise they will continue to see the pain they saw in 2022. Jeffrey Scott Edell is the CEO of the social network MeWe and the former chairman of MySpace.
How to Start Editing Wikipedia Articles On Your Own,"Wikipedia is “the free encyclopedia that anyone can edit”—it says so right on the homepage. But editing Wikipedia articles can be pretty intimidating, especially for newbies. If you’re curious about editing and don’t know where to start, great news: Annie Rau…",2023-01-09T15:30:00Z,https://lifehacker.com/how-to-start-editing-wikipedia-articles-on-your-own-1849963125,Wikipedia is the free encyclopedia that anyone can editit says so right on the homepage. But editing Wikipedia articles can be pretty intimidating especially for newbies. If youre curious about editing and dont know where to start great news Annie Rauwerda who runs depthsofwikipedia on Instagram Twitter and TikTok recently posted a crash course on this very subject Theres no mincing words here The backlog of Wikipedia articles that need attention is almost unfathomably long with 6. 6 million articles in English alone. Its a lot to wrap your head aroundand unless youre the type of person to jump in the deep end with no real plan it may seem impossible to pick a starting point. But as Rauwerda points out there are a ton of ways to contribute and you dont have to be a subject matter expert to be helpful. Start with the Wikipedia Manual of Style The best place for new editors to start is the Wikipedia Manual of Style or MoS. You dont have to memorize it or anything like thatits very long and youll refer back to it constantly as you make edits anywaysbut giving it a quick onceover will give you an idea of the standards. Its also incredibly helpful to read the sourcing guidelines for citations. Citations are some of the highestpriority and highestvalue edits you can make familiarizing yourself with the types of sources out there is a must. Choose your subjects of interest Once youve taken a look at the Manual of Style and source guidelines you should have the confidence to start thinking about potential projects. This doesnt necessarily mean thinking about which subjects interest you although coming in with a little background knowledge can be helpful but the type of editing tasks you would most enjoy. Maintaining Wikipedia pages isnt just about sourcing citations and fixing typos. There are several different types of edits you can perform including but not limited to General copy editingIf you like a good oldfashioned copy edit peruse the list of articles that need it and go for broke. Sourcing and adding citationsThe list of articles with unsourced statements is long and intimidatingand important to chip away at. Theres also a gamified version that makes citation hunting little more interesting. Adopting an orphan articleOrphan articles arent linked to by any other article and need some crossreferencing. There is of course a list to get you started. Adding data to Wikimedia photosRauwerda compares adding missing photo data to a very involved Captcha. If that sounds like something you can do use the Depictor tool to get started. Adopting a specific typoDoes a particular misspelling or grammar error drive you up the wall Scan the list of adoptable typos and take on a petty little pet project. Adding photos to geography articlesTheres a neat tool that uses your location to suggest geography articles nearby that need images fire it up take a walk snap some pictures and upload them to Wikipedia. Its like if Pokmon Goand Wikipedia edits had a baby. Start editing Wikipedia pages By now it should be clear that anyone can edit Wikipedia there are so many different kinds of tasks up for grabs that youre basically guaranteed to find something you like and are good at. When you think youve found your niche dive in and get to editingevery little bit helps.
Dionne Warwick discusses her Twitter talent and her new documentary,Dionne Warwick wishes younger artists today would be more cognizant of what they are saying and the possible ramifications.,2022-12-31T15:54:16Z,https://www.cnn.com/2022/12/31/entertainment/dionne-warwick-dont-make-me-over/index.html,Editors Note The CNN Film Dionne Warwick Dont Make Me Over premieres Sunday January 1 at 9 p. m. ET exclusively on CNN. Dionne Warwick wishes younger artists today would be more cognizant of what they are saying and the possible ramifications. The legendary singer told CNN she believes social media factors into some reckless commentary one of the reasons she decided to join Twitter. I was with my nieces and nephews and they were just giggling and carrying on because their little thumbs were going mad and I wanted to know what they were laughing about Warwick said. My niece Brittani showed me what she was looking at and I was not too pleased with what she was looking at. Warwick said she asked her niece Is this always the way Twitter is Upon learning it was indeed a platform for a lot of nonsense she requested that her niece to help her get started with her own account so she could share some sense. She showed me and I immediately went on and let these babies know that now a grown up is in your presence Warwick said laughing. That type of moxie is on display in the new CNN documentary Dionne Warwick Dont Make Me Over which traces the incredible life and career of the first Black woman to win a Grammy in the pop music category. Warwick said the project offered her a nice stroll down memory lane. There are a lot of things that to be honest with you I had forgotten about she said. And to see them again was like Ohyeah I remember that. In pictures Music icon Dionne Warwick In all fairness Warwick has achieved so much it would be easy to overlook some accomplishments. She said she is pleased with the completed documentary as well as her title as the unofficial Queen of Twitter for her pithy commentary on the platform. Even more importantly she said she believes shes made a difference in helping convince some to bring down the temperature when it comes to social media discourse. So much so Warwick said that the sites former chief executive officer Jack Dorsey reached out to thank her. He called he says Thank you thank you. I said What are you thanking me for she recalled. He said You have no idea that with what you said all of a sudden these tweets are changing. I said well thats the idea. You know let these kids know that there is a way to say anything they wanna say but theres a way to say it though Warwick added. And I let them all know that a smile carries more pressure and more pleasure than a frown. She recently tweeted a survey asking if she should take over as head of Twitter from Elon Musk and unsurprisingly the results were a resounding yes even though the options she cheekily offered were either yes or yeah.
The Year Ahead in Energy,Molly Taft covers energy and the environment for Earther. Follow her on Twitter here and please email any scoops to mtaft@gizmodo.com.Read more...,2023-01-03T18:17:00Z,https://gizmodo.com/energy-environment-nuclear-oil-stripe-2023-predictions-1849943777,Molly Taft covers energy and the environment for Earther. Follow her on Twitter here and please email any scoops to mtaftgizmodo. com. The top story Experts agree that we can count 2022 as the year the tide turned on the global energy transition. The war in Ukraine kicked off a global energy crisis that got governments thinking longerterm about life without fossil fuels. Combined with the evershortening timelines we have to stop the worst impacts of climate change 2023 will mark the first real year of implementing a new energy reality. The International Energy Agency predicted in December that renewable use will overtake coal use by 2025 looking ahead 2023 will probably be another recordsetting year for renewable energy implementation and retirement of fossil fuels. In the U. S. the 2022 passage of the Inflation Reduction Act the countrys first ever climate legislation means that consumers and companies will now start seeing major financial gains for installing renewable technologies. All these big headlines dont mean that any of this is going to be easyfar from it. After all the net zero announcements and investments in new technologies this year will show the difficulties that the world faces implementing the energy transition. Buckle upits going to be a bumpy ride. What were waiting for Wind solar and battery technologies will continue to face increasing supply chain roadblocksand more human and ecological rights issuesas demand for rare earth minerals will keep skyrocketing. Countries will have to grapple with the fact that energy storage technologies are not yet up to par to totally cover the intermittent nature of wind and solar and figure out solutions for baseload power. Despite some serious issues with their efficacy and an almost complete lack of regulations carbon markets will continue their explosive growth as companies continue to make green promises. Republicans and Big Oil will seriously shift their tactics as they continue to oppose the energy transition and try to keep polluters in power. No more antiscience climate change isnt happening messagingthis year their tune will change permanently to concerns about renewables reliability cost and claims about fossil fuels ability to solve global poverty. Unconventional wisdom In 2022 several countries and states reconsidered their retirement of nuclear plants as popular support for nuclear blossomed and investment money poured into new technologies. Expect to see major conversation around the future of this beleaguered and contentious energy sector. Some formerly antinuclear camps will start to renegotiate their hard line attitudes given nuclears potential for providing baseload power similarly nuclear fans may start to see the realities of the technological challenges and massive expense needed that has helped hold back the nuclear revolution. People to follow Jael Holzman This Axios journalist is on the front lines of the renewable energy mining beatand has all the scoops on the goingson on the Hill especially around Republican resistance to the energy transition. Leah Stokes A political science professor at UC Santa Barbara Stokes has the renewable energy takes youll need to hear as the US gets going on implementation of the Inflation Reduction Act. Michael Shellenberger This former pronuclear antirenewable talking head has become a mainstream rightwing media talker after a failed bid for Governor of California. Hell be the one to watch to debut new conservative antirenewable fossil fuel industryapproved talking points disguised as green propaganda. Companies to watch Stripe The payment systems company has become an unexpected leader in carbon removal after making some of the earliest and most aggressive investments in the space. Last year Stripe joined forces with giants like Alphabet and McKinsey to pour even more money into these budding technologies expect to see some difficulties as this group looks for places to actually put that money. Climeworks The Swiss company opened the worlds largest carbon removal facility in Iceland in 2021 and raised 650 million in a seed round last year. All eyes will be on Climeworks for clues on how this hyped but problematic technology may or may not be able to scale up in the coming years. Texas Public Policy Foundation This conservative think tank with fossil fuel funders has gained steam in the past few years for being at the front of the antirenewables charge including a very public and very bizarre battle against offshore wind in Massachusetts. This group will be some of the main actors to watch for fossil fuel responses to renewable energy. A longshot bet Resistance to new pipelines will reach a fever pitch once againbut this time those pipelines will be carrying CO2. The potential dangers of some of the huge networks of CO2 pipelines planned in the Midwest has already galvanized some local opposition and a lack of national regulation means green groups may eye this issue as the next one to rally support around.
Elon Musk isn’t serious about giving power to a new CEO,"Elon Musk says that he’ll still be in charge of Twitter’s software and server teams after he resigns his CEO seat to “someone foolish enough” to take the job. In a recent poll, Twitter users voted in favor of him stepping down.",2022-12-21T01:57:28Z,https://www.theverge.com/2022/12/20/23520019/elon-musk-stop-twitter-ceo-software-server-teams,Elon Musk said Tuesday that hell still be in charge of Twitters software and server teams after he resigns his CEO seat to someone foolish enough to take it. He broke the news in a response to a poll he ran earlier this week where around 58 percent of respondents said that he should step down as CEO. Given that the social networking site is mainly made up of software and servers especially after the massive layoffs its clear Musk will still have direct control over the company even if he doesnt have the explicit CEO title. Thats not necessarily a surprise Musk has defacto control over product at most of his companies and hes still Twitters owner at the end of the day. But the announcement likely means disappointment for anyone hoping that him stepping down as CEO would bring an end to Twitters wild rollercoaster ride. While Musk has indicated that hes mainly interested in the Twitter users that are willing to pay him for the service there are another group of people he has to satisfy Tesla shareholders. The companys share price has been tumbling since Musk bought Twitter dropping almost 100 in value since November 1st down to around 137 when markets closed on Tuesday. Musk has several times blamed the drop on interest rates making saving more appealing than investing but some Tesla shareholders have raised concerns about the companys engineers going to work at Twitter and how Musks antics at Twitter reflect on his other companies. The only problem is the optics of having the CEO on Twitter every day discussing the problems of Hunter Biden said Ross Gerber a head of a firm invested in Tesla according to Business Insider. Musk has also sold billions in Tesla stock since he promised to stop doing that this spring and again in the summer. It seems likely that some of the money from the Tesla selloff went to help prop up Twitter. Unfortunately for Tesla shareholders a group that involves Musk whose shares once made him the worlds richest man until the stock price slip cost him that title it doesnt seem like Musk intends on stepping away from Twitter any time soon. Sure whoever he gets as CEO may be tasked with trying to corral advertisers and policymakers both of which have been suspiciously eyeing Twitters new management. But when it comes to the Twitter that people are actually using it sounds like Elon will still be Chief Twit.
Elon Musk: Only blue tick users to vote in Twitter polls on policy,The billionaire says he will change the policy on Twitter votes after users say he should step down.,2022-12-20T12:10:16Z,https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-64034892,Elon Musk Only blue tick users to vote in Twitter polls on policy Published Elon Musk has said Twitter will only allow accounts with a blue tick to vote on changes to policy after a majority of users voted for him to quit. Mr Musk launched a Twitter poll asking if he should step down as chief executive 57. 5 of users voted yes. Since then he has not commented directly on the result of the poll. But he has said that Twitter will alter its rules so that only people who pay for a subscription can vote on company policy. One user claimed that socalled bots appeared to have voted heavily in the poll about Mr Musks role at the firm. Mr Musk said he found the claim interesting. The billionaire had said when he ran the poll that he would abide by the result. If he does quit as chief executive he will remain as Twitters owner. Bruce Daisley former vice president of Twitter compared any potential change to that of a football manager. The chairman still remains and Elon Musk is going to be that everpresent voice in the back of the room he told the BBCs Today programme. However Mr Musks intentions remain unclear. Although US broadcaster CNBC tweeted on Tuesday that Mr Musk is actively searching for a new chief executive for Twitter Mr Musk responded with two laughing emojis. In response to a tweet saying Twitter Blue subscribers should be the only ones that can vote in policy related polls. We actually have skin in the game Mr Musk said Good point Twitter will make that change. Twitters paidfor verification feature was rolled out for a second time last week after its launch was paused. The service costs 8 per month or 11 for people using the Twitter app on Apple devices and gives subscribers a blue tick. Previously a blue tick was used as verification tool for highprofile accounts as a badge of authenticity and was free. On Monday Mr Musk held a poll on his future as chief executive. More than 17. 5 million users voted and the majority backed him stepping down. Should I step down as head of Twitter I will abide by the results of this poll. Elon Musk elonmusk December 18 2022 While the poll was running he replied to one user suggesting there was no replacement chief executive lined up saying No one wants the job who can actually keep Twitter alive. There is no successor. The technology tycoon who also runs electric car maker Tesla and space rocket firm Space X has faced much criticism since taking over the site. He has obeyed the results of his Twitter polls in the past and quoted the phrase vox populi vox dei a Latin phrase which roughly means the voice of the people is the voice of God. Mr Musk bought Twitter for 44bn 36bn in October after attempting to back out of the deal. Since taking control he has been criticised for his approach to content moderation with some civil liberties groups accusing him of taking steps that will increase hate speech and misinformation. On Friday he was condemned by the United Nations and European Union over Twitters decision to suspend some journalists who cover the social media firm. He has also fired about half of Twitters staff. Mr Daisley said through Mr Musks activity you could get a hint over what he was thinking through his replies to users. He does seem to be quibbling with the vote he added. Mr Musk has also been accused of neglecting his electric car company Tesla which is where most of his wealth is. Tesla shares have lost more than 60 in value this year with some saying his obsession with Twitter is destroying the brand. Last week Leo KoGuan the third largest individual shareholder in Tesla called for Mr Musk to step down as the boss of the electric car maker. Elon abandoned Tesla and Tesla has no working CEO. Tesla needs and deserves to have a working full time CEO he tweeted.
"Account That Tracks Elon Musk’s Jet Is Back on Twitter With 24-Hour Delay, For Now",An account whose sole purpose is to track Twitter CEO Elon Musk’s private jet is back on the blue bird app nearly two weeks after Musk changed the rules to kick it off the platform. Whether it will manage to stay on the platform Musk rules with an iron fist i…,2022-12-27T03:00:00Z,https://gizmodo.com/account-tracks-elon-musk-jet-back-twitter-24-hour-delay-1849930468,An account whose sole purpose is to track Twitter CEO Elon Musks private jet is back on the blue bird app nearly two weeks after Musk changed the rules to kick it off the platform. Whether it will manage to stay on the platform Musk rules with an iron fist is an open question. In recent days 20yearold university student Jack Sweeney launched ElonJetNextDay on Twitter an account that posts public information on the flights made by Musks plane. Unlike Sweeneys original ElonJet account which was designed to track the billionaires jet in realtime ElonJetNextDay tweets out Musks flights 24 hours after they occur to comply with Twitters new rules prohibiting posts with realtime location information. As of Monday evening ElonJetNextDay had tweeted about five of Musks flights since Dec. 23 and amassed more than 17100 followers in four days. Sweeney told Insider that he is currently posting to ElonJetNextDay manually but is working on automating the account in the future. The 20yearold manages automated accounts for ElonJet on Facebook Instagram Telegram and other platforms which do post realtime information on Musks flights. Although Sweeneys new ElonJetNextDay has managed to stay on Twitter for the past four days that doesnt guarantee it safety from suspension. On Dec. 25 Sweeney claimed that Musk had already shadowbanned ElonJetNextDay. In addition Mashable reporter Matt Binder found that Twitter had prohibited users from sharing links to ElonJet on other platforms. Gizmodo confirmed Binders finding on Monday. When we tried to tweet out links to ElonJet on Instagram Facebook Telegram and Mastodon we received an error message and werent allowed to post the tweet. We cant complete this request because this link has been identified by Twitter or our partners as being potentially harmful. Visit our Help Center to learn more the message read although it didnt include a link to where we could learn more. Furthermore its unclear whether Sweeney is even allowed to create new Twitter accounts. Twitter policy forbids ban evasion which prohibits users whose accounts were suspended from creating new accounts. Twitter will suspend accounts that attempt to evade bans at first detection. If an account has been permanently suspended for severe violations of the Twitter Rules Twitter reserves the right to also permanently suspend any other account we believe the same account holder or entity may be operating in violation of our earlier suspension regardless of when the other account was created the company states in its Help Center. Twitter no longer has a communications department to contact for comment. Meanwhile Muskwho banned Sweeneys original ElonJet account his personal Twitter account and his other celebrity flight trackershasnt made his position on ElonJetNextDay known yet. One might say that Sweeneys new account is in the clear judging by Musks past statements on Twitters new policy. Posting locations someone traveled to on a slightly delayed basis isnt a safety problem so is ok the Twitter CEO tweeted on Dec. 14. Yet you cant exactly take Musk at his word when it comes to the account that tracks his private plane which he has disliked for a long time. On Nov. 6 the Twitter CEO said that he wouldnt ban ElonJet citing his commitment to free speech. Musk changed his mind a month later permanently suspending all of Sweeneys accounts and stating he was taking legal action against Sweeney for facilitating harm to my family. The harm Musk is referring to is an alleged incident that occurred on Dec. 13. That night Musk claims that a crazy stalker followed a car carrying his 2yearold son X in Los Angeles. The billionaire added that the driver purportedly blocked the car carrying his son from leaving and jumped on the hood. Musk announced new Twitter rules banning the sharing of realtime location information and suspended Sweeneys flight tracking accounts after the incident. However last week police in South Pasadena cast doubt on Musks claims that his son was followed by a stalker. In fact police have not mentioned that a stalker was involved at all and suggested that what occurred could have been a coincidence. They also could not confirm that Musks son was in the car although the investigation is ongoing.
12 Times Elon Musk Replied Lovingly to Elon Musk Quotes on Twitter,"As Twitter CEO Elon Musk continues to bamboozle the world, some might be wondering what the hell he’s thinking. This is a person who went from being TIME’s ‘Person of the Year’ to being the first person ever to lose $200 billion in personal net worth from one…",2023-01-07T17:36:00Z,https://gizmodo.com/elon-musk-twitter-agreed-with-himself-elon-tweets-1849960815,As Twitter CEO Elon Musk continues to bamboozle the world some might be wondering what the hell hes thinking. This is a person who went from being TIMEs Person of the Year to being the first person ever to lose 200 billion in personal net worth from one year to the next. Now it looks like Musk is techs newest villain begging the question Does he even care The answer is simple No. Elon Musk only cares about what Elon Musk thinks. All you need to do is check out his Twitter feed to confirm it. Frequent Musk watchers will have noticed that the billionaire responds fondly to tweets featuring things he himself he has saida lot. This has been going on for a while now. Its like watching Musk have an adoring conversation with himself. Had to be done he says in one reply to a quote. So few understand this he says in another. Its not exactly hard for Musk to find quotes of things hes said on Twitter his 44 billion blue bird addiction. Besides fans and buddies tweeting out things he says there are entire accounts dedicated to spitting out grandiose random or asinine Musk aphorisms such as muskQu0tes and MuskUniversity. To be clear the latter is not an actual university. Musks responses vary. Some can be a simple Absolutely or Yup. Other times he adds to what he says in the original quote or laments the fact that few or no one understands the topic at hand. Overall seeing a selfabsorbed billionaire interact with things hes said is pretty damn funny. Click through to check out 12 times Musk agreed with his own quotes or essentially talked to himself on Twitter. This is but a sample of the many times Musk has talked to himself on Twitter. The topics are wideranging given that of course Musk knows everything. Update 192022 1205 p. m. ET This story published on Saturday January 7. By Monday morning Musk had agreed with himself two more times
Twitter restores suicide prevention feature,"Move follows criticism of Elon Musk after #ThereIsHelp feature disappeared from searchesTwitter has restored a feature that promoted suicide prevention hotlines and support groups after its CEO Elon Musk was criticised over their removal.The feature, known as…",2022-12-24T19:30:54Z,https://www.theguardian.com/technology/2022/dec/24/twitter-restores-suicide-prevention-feature,Twitter has restored a feature that promoted suicide prevention hotlines and support groups after its CEO Elon Musk was criticised over their removal. The feature known as ThereIsHelp placed a banner at the top of search results for certain topics and listed contacts for organisations in numerous countries related to mental health HIV vaccines child sexual exploitation Covid19 genderbased violence natural disasters and freedom of expression. Reuters reported on Friday that the feature was taken down a few days ago. Twitters head of trust and safety Ella Irwin confirmed the removal and called it temporary. Irwin said We have been fixing and revamping our prompts. They were just temporarily removed while we do that. We expect to have them back up next week. Irwin said Google does really well with these in their search results and we are actually mirroring some of their approach with the changes we are making. She added We know these prompts are useful in many cases and just want to make sure they are functioning properly and continue to be relevant. Musk who did not initially respond to requests for comment about the removal had tweeted False it is still there. In response to criticism by Twitter users the billionaire also wrote that Twitter doesnt prevent suicide. The initial removal had led some consumer safety groups and Twitter users to express concerns about the wellbeing of vulnerable users on the platform. Eirliani Abdul Rahman who had been on a recently dissolved Twitter content advisory group said the disappearance of ThereIsHelp was extremely disconcerting and profoundly disturbing. She added even if it was only temporarily removed to make way for improvements normally you would be working on it in parallel not removing it. Musk has previously said that impressions or views of harmful content are declining since he took over the company in October and has tweeted graphs showing a downward trend even as researchers and civil rights groups have tracked an increase in tweets with racial slurs and other hateful content. The entrepreneur has also declared he wants to combat child abuse imagery on Twitter and has criticised the previous ownerships handling of the issue. But he has reduced large portions of the teams involved in dealing with potentially objectionable material. Twitter had launched some prompts about five years ago and some had been available in over 30 countries according to company tweets. In one of its blog posts about the ThereIsHelp feature Twitter had said it had responsibility to ensure users could access and receive support on our service when they need it most. Just as Musk bought the company the feature was expanded to show information related to natural disaster searches in Indonesia and Malaysia. Reuters contributed to this report
"Two months after mass Twitter layoffs, affected employees still waiting for severance offers","Two months after Elon Musk laid off half of Twitter's workforce, some employees affected say they have yet to receive any formal severance offer or separation agreement.",2023-01-05T22:22:14Z,https://www.cnn.com/2023/01/05/tech/twitter-layoffs-severance-pay/index.html,Two months after Elon Musk laid off half of Twitters workforce some employees affected say they have yet to receive any formal severance offer or separation agreement. One former Twitter employee told CNN that they had expected to receive some information from the company by Wednesday the last official employment date for many workers affected by the first wave of layoffs under Musk based on state and federal notice period regulations. As of early Thursday however the former employee said they had yet to receive any documents related to a severance agreement or offer. Other laidoff employees tweeted similar remarks this week including one who said they had never even seen a severance letter let alone been offered severance. A spokesperson for Shannon LissRiordan the attorney representing hundreds of former Twitter employees confirmed that her clients who were hit by the Twitter layoffs in early November also had yet to receive any severance information as of Thursday. There was some anticipation that they would be sent yesterday but we havent seen that Kevin Ready the spokesperson said of the severance agreements. Yesterday was the official separation date for thousands of Twitter employees and after months of chaos and uncertainty created by Elon Musk these workers remain in the lurch LissRiordan said in a Thursday statement. The employee concerns come as Musk scrambles to cut costs at the company he bought in October for 44 billion including a significant amount of debt. After laying off half the company in early November Musk continued cutting and pushing out additional employees including by requiring anyone who remained to sign a pledge committing to hardcore work. The company was recently sued by a commercial landlord and a private flight company alleging Twitter has failed to pay bills. And The New York Times last month reported that Twitter was considering denying laid off employees their severance as a costcutting measure citing people familiar with the talks among company leadership adding to the sense of uncertainty for affected workers. Twitter which cut much of its public relations department as part of the layoffs did not immediately respond to a request for comment regarding the claims it has not offered or paid any severance. At the time of the layoffs Musk promised that everyone exited was offered 3 months of severance a time period that appears to include the 60days advanced notice Twitter was obligated to provide. A report by Fortune on Thursday afternoon citing an unnamed source familiar with the situation and screenshots viewed by the publication said that Twitter planned to send severance agreements to affected employees on Thursday although it was unclear exactly when they would go out. The severance agreements were set to provide laid off US employees with one months base pay and would include a provision requiring employees to waive participation in pending lawsuits against the company according to the report. LissRiordan has filed four proposed class action lawsuits against Twitter on behalf of employees affected by layoffs with claims including that Twitter backtracked on promises to allow remote work and consistent severance benefits as well as complaints related to alleged disability and genderbased discrimination. She has also filed three claims against Twitter with the National Labor Relations Board on behalf of former employees. LissRiordan said Thursday that she has also filed another 100 demands for arbitration against Twitter on behalf of former employees after filing an initial 100 last month. Last month the employees represented by LissRiordan scored an early win in court when a judge ordered Twitter to inform laidoff employees of the pending lawsuits before asking them to sign any separation agreements that include a release of legal claims.
Twitter to expand permitted political advertising - Reuters,"Twitter Inc on Tuesday said it would expand the types of political ads allowed on the social media platform, an apparent reversal of its 2019 global ban on political ads, as the Elon Musk-owned company seeks to grow revenue.",2023-01-03T23:43:00Z,https://www.reuters.com/business/media-telecom/twitter-expand-permitted-political-advertising-2023-01-03/,Elon Musks Twitter lifts ban on political ads Jan 4 Reuters Twitter Inc will reverse its 2019 ban on political ads the companys head of trust and safety confirmed to Reuters on Wednesday as the Elon Muskowned company seeks to grow revenue. The company tweeted on Tuesday it would relax its advertising policy for causebased ads in the United States and align its ad policy with TV and other media outlets. The change brings Twitters policies closer to Meta Platforms META. O Facebook and Alphabet Incs GOOGL. O YouTube which allow political advertising. One platform that still bans political ads is Chinese video app TikTok. We believe that causebased advertising can facilitate public conversation around important topics the social media company tweeted. Causebased ads that will be allowed on Twitter include ads that educate or raise awareness of issues such as voter registration climate change or government programs like the Census said Ella Irwin Twitters head of trust and safety in an email. Twitter banned political ads in 2019 after it and other social media companies faced widespread criticism for allowing election misinformation to spread. It also restricted ads related to social causes. We believe political message reach should be earned not bought tweeted Jack Dorsey Twitters thenchief executive in announcing the move. Since Musk took over Twitter in late October corporate advertisers have fled in response to the Tesla TSLA. O CEO laying off thousands of employees reversing the permanent suspension of former U. S. President Donald Trump and rushing a paid verification feature that resulted in scammers impersonating publicly listed companies on Twitter. Last month Musk defended his deep costcutting measures and said Twitter had been facing negative cash flow of 3 billion next year. Our Standards The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles.
Twitter lifts political ad ban designed to stop misinformation spread,Twitter previously banned political ads starting in 2019.,2023-01-04T17:41:46Z,https://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/2023/01/twitter-lifts-political-ad-ban-designed-to-stop-misinformation-spread/,Online advertising on social platforms is changing. Google and Meta no longer hold majority control over advertising dollars according to The Wall Street Journal with Amazon and TikTok cutting in to sway advertisers to other platforms. Twitter is also hungry to redirect ad dollars to its platform as it announced yesterday that it would be relaxing its political ads policy and allowing more causebased ads. The company is also planning to expand to allow other forms of political advertising in the coming weeks. Promising to share more details soon the TwitterSafety account tweeted Tuesday that from now on Twitters goal is to align its advertising policy with that of TV and other media outlets. Its unclear what exactly that means on a platform like Twitter but the Federal Communications Commission specifies that it works to restrict censorship and ensure equal opportunity for political advertisers. This aligns somewhat with Twitter CEO Elon Musks stated free speech absolutist position. Twitter could also be looking to emulate the FCC to diminish the companys responsibility to review or ensure the accuracy of all political ad content. Twitters recent policy change reverses a decision the platform made in 2019 to ban political ads to limit misinformation spread. That 2019 ban included exceptions for some causebased advertising where advertisers were permitted to conduct some microtargeting of Twitter users based on limited geographic location information keywords and interests. Notably advertisers were not allowed to target audiences based on political affiliation like conservative or liberal. Under these prior rules Twittercertified causebased advertisers approved to promote content created to educate raise awareness andor call for people to take action in connection with civic engagement economic growth environmental stewardship or social equity. In 2019 the Electronic Frontier Foundation said that Twitter limiting causebased advertising wasnt a good policy because the microtargeting exception applies to an almost impossibly broad range of advertisements adjacent to the banned campaign content. The EFF said this policy had the potential to worsen the problem it is trying to solve suggesting that smaller social media platforms that let users choose the moderation approaches that work for them do more to empower their users to protect themselves from manipulative advertising. The coming weeks will show if Musk will provide more tools to empower Twitter users to protect themselves or whether his company will simply leave it up to the users to distinguish between valid causes and manipulative ads. It could be that Twitters priority to expand public conversation depends on users relying on their own judgment. In November 2022 Twitter said its mission has always been to be the town square of the Internet insisting that was only possible if everyone has the power to create and share ideas and information instantly without barriers. Ars could not immediately reach Twitter or the EFF for comment. Update EFF civil liberties director David Greene told Ars that its hard to assess whether the new policy is better than the old one without knowing the specifics of the new policy. Greene said that Twitter isnt the first social platform to say that they will follow the rules that TV and other media outlets followhe criticized a similar move that Parler made in 2020 and that description alone isnt really helpful since those policies can vary greatly. Greene said that Twitters new policy can and should be criticized for being a USonly policy that overlooks the fact that the majority of Twitters users are not US users. Those international users rely just as much on Twitter during key elections. The new policy can also be criticized for being too vague. To properly respect human rights content policies should be clear and precise and readily understandable to users Greene said. It is not sufficient for Twitter to vaguely roll out an important new policy. Without more detail Greene told Ars that Musks Twitter lifting the ban is potentially good in at least one way. We thought the old policy was bad and especially harmful for less wellresourced cause organizations for which social media advertising remains an important way to raise awareness and funds Greene told Ars. And social media bans on political advertisers tends to entrench betterfunded candidates who can afford the more expensive advertising platforms. Bloomberg reported that political advertising before the 2019 ban was a minor source of income for Twitter generating less than 3 million during the 2018 midterm elections. Thats a pittance compared to Twitters overall ad revenue today which SP Global Market Intelligence reported in 2021 was 4. 5 billion. And although Musk was pennypinching in 2022even failing to pay 136000 in rent for Twitter headquartershe seems focused on biggerpicture moneymaking strategies for Twitter than bringing back a couple of million dollars in ad revenue. In an investor pitch deck reviewed by The New York Times Musk said he planned to grow Twitter revenue to 26 billion by 2028 with an influx of 10 billion expected to come from Twitter Blue subscriptions. Whatever Musks intentions are for relaxing Twitters political ad policieswhether its about profits stirring up more Twitter engagement or some other motivationthe policy update carries some potential for increasing misinformation spread on the platform. Thats alarming to some users especially considering that Twitters recent decision to relax its COVID19 misinformation policy has already caused drama. This week The Washington Post reported that baseless tweets from antivaxxers and rightwing provocateurs spread throughout Twitter claiming without evidence that NFL player Damar Hamlin collapsed on the field during a Monday game because he had been vaccinated against COVID19. Until more details are officially announced about its political ad policy change Twitter has sought to reassure users that their safety wont be impacted by the decision. As with all policy changes we will first ensure that our approach to reviewing and approving content protects people on Twitter the TwitterSafety account tweeted.
